gh-95516: Add param types and clarify param descriptions of LogRecord (GH-95517) (#95517)
python/cpython: Doc/library/logging.rst

   Contains all the information pertinent to the event being logged.

   The primary information is passed in *msg* and *args*,
   which are combined using ``msg % args`` to create
   the :attr:`!message` attribute of the record.

   :param name: The name of the logger used to log the event
      represented by this :class:`!LogRecord`.
      Note that the logger name in the :class:`!LogRecord`
      will always have this value,
      even though it may be emitted by a handler
      attached to a different (ancestor) logger.
   :type name: str

   :param level: The :ref:`numeric level <levels>` of the logging event
      (such as ``10`` for ``DEBUG``, ``20`` for ``INFO``, etc).
      Note that this is converted to *two* attributes of the LogRecord:
      :attr:`!levelno` for the numeric value
      and :attr:`!levelname` for the corresponding level name.
   :type level: int

   :param pathname: The full string path of the source file
      where the logging call was made.
   :type pathname: str

   :param lineno: The line number in the source file
      where the logging call was made.
   :type lineno: int

>    :param msg: The event description message;

Reviewer: Perhaps change to
```
The event description message, which can be a %-format string
with placeholders for variable data.
```

Author: Sure, that's way better, thanks. I've made that an actual suggestion and applied it.

>    :param msg: The event description message;
>       possibly a format string with placeholders for variable data.

Author: ```suggestion
   :param msg: The event description message,
      which can be a %-format string with placeholders for variable data.
```

As suggested by @vsajip
